Dad oops
I spent nine bulls and two tigers
You can sell all the tigers.
It's just a lot less than Yuxiang
Oh dad thanks to damn etiquette oops
Why are you hitting me?
You are not enough for everything
How did I give birth to such a trash as you?
If I let you sell an antique, you won't understand.
I don't understand how to sell it.
I was selling well
They are all one by one. The auction cabinets are going to disrupt the situation.
Lack of connections
Ah!
If I hadn't met a noble person
You think those antiques can be sold?
Idiot, your noble man is sent from Iran
What!
Who can't
Why not?
He exposed the application at the auction
As a result, the auction cannot proceed.
Then talk about buying and selling at a high price
He made four times five fingers with our antiques
Trust you a chore
I will take revenge on him now
I'll do it now.
What's the use of you looking for him now?
you
Pay the damn money
Master Xu, you are crazy about money
I don't remember I owe you money
Roll without money
Don't delay me going to the hospital to give my daughter-in-law a gift